It's good practice to define each class in a separate file as we've been doing before you can create
an object of a class.
You need to require the file where the class is defined as we're doing here in the new article script.
However if you want to use lots of classes like this you can end up with lots of required statements.
There's a better way to do this by loading these class files are to magically when they're needed.
Let's look at an example in a new script called artle loading example
up here.
P
in here.
First let's require the article class file create a new article object and then dump out the contents
of this variable so that we can see what it contains.
When we run the code and view the results in the browser we get an object of this class printed out.
If I remove the required line
now in the browser we get an error saying the article class was not found as expected.
When we use the new operator in P HP to create an object of a class p p checks to see if this class
definition exists.
In other words that the file has been loaded.
If not we get the error that we just saw.
However we can tell P P to try and load the class file automatically before the error occurs.
We do this by registering an after load function with this.
S P L after word register function here.
With this we can register some code that will run when we try and create a class that hasn't been defined
are loaded yet in our code.
So at the top of our script.
Let's call the S P L after load register function and the first argument to this function is the code
that will run when a class isn't found.
We can define a function directly in here like this and this function takes the name of the class were
trying to create as an argument.
For now let's just print out the value of this argument so we can see what happens.
When we look at this in the browser we still get the error.
But the name of the class we're trying to create has been printed out.
So we can use this to require the class file.
This is why we named the class files with the same name as the class itself.
So instead of echoing out the class name
we can require the class file by including the name of the class in the file name we pass to the require
a statement like this.
So now when we run the code the error has gone and the class has been required after Mattingly by the
artle loader.